Add information about GraphQL merging schema files (#296)
codeandpepper/janush: docusaurus/docs/getting-started.mdx

1. Go to `cloud` directory and fill credentials in `.env` file.
 Required environmental variables are listed in
`.env.example`

> 2. When the project will be generated, go to cloud and use. The command will merge all `.graphql` into `lib/api/schema.graphql`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. When the project will be generated, go to the `cloud` directory. The command will merge all `.graphql` files into `lib/api/schema.graphql`
```

Reviewer: and wait... where is that comand?

> 2. When the project will be generated, go to the `cloud` directory. The command will merge all `.graphql` files into `lib/api/schema.graphql`

Reviewer: Lack of the mentioned comment
